[Music]
five foolproof ways to spot a liar yeah
I didn't eat that last cookie must have
been somebody else what could be more
intriguing than a true detective story
in your real life reading faces making
suppositories oops I meant to say making
suppositions finding the truth
this is an awesome game unless it
involves something serious of course
however what if some detective hints can
be helpful to find out who the people
around you are no it's not about Lies
being everywhere but about the ability
to find it out feeling like you have a
superpower here are five things that can
show you that your interlocutor that's a
big word that means one who takes part
in dialogue or conversation is insincere
with you watch the full video and as a
bonus we'll show you an amazing 99
percent working method to distinguish
between the lies and the truth
ready counting down number five Liars
avoid mentioning themselves no really
they almost never do it surely you can
remember one of those funny situations
in your childhood when mom's favorite
cup is broken by you what did we all say
mom there's your favorite cup broken on
the kitchen floor
sweet especially because we just tried
to avoid any kind of punishment no
desire to have responsibilities hmm
seems some grown-up still use this rule
in their lives the truth about the cup
should sound the following way mommy I
have accidentally broken your favorite
cup I'm sorry the pattern of behavior
works for all people just try to know if
the person under question wants to put
the responsibility for something on the
powers of nature or other abstract
objects hey mom a bear came right into
the kitchen and broke your Cup you
should have seen it
[Music]
number four a liar speech attitude is
negative on the whole Liars can be
negative and pessimistic look what
people usually say if they are late for
the office or an important meeting but
it's something like sorry I'll be late
this stupid traffic jam with all the
drivers standing in a row just don't
know how to drive not my fault do you
know why they swear so much and blame
everyone but themselves it's pure
psychology showing negative attitudes
means feelings subconsciously guilty for
their lives who could ever tell number
three a Liars explanations are as simple
as possible our brain is ready to be
helpful all the time it also works for
people who are going to cheat somebody
the thing is that Liars typically
explain everything in simple terms
because their brain refuses to think of
a complicated law judgments or
evaluations are complicated things that
are difficult to calculate a good
example is an exam failure we usually
know that the test is bad because we're
just not ready enough the usual lies in
such case are I don't know why I failed
though it's rather simple to admit that
you haven't learned enough information
[Music]
number two a liar uses confusing wording
despite simple explanations Liars use
complicated and intricate sentence
structure unnecessary words and
insignificant but plausible sounding
details that help them inflate their
deceit probably this is explained by
them being unsure if they can tell the
truth or they are trying to hide
something
who knows be attentive to overloaded
structures in some unnecessary words
this is how Liars show themselves in
courts just imagine the situation when a
possible crime accomplice has to prove
his alibi if he is guilty he will be
defensive negative and too chatty if he
is not he will tell you a story of
spending his free time with his wife and
a small dog with great pleasure
your usual interlocutors there's that
word again will behave the same way just
check it and number one Liars use too
many details in a simple story ask
yourself to tell aloud the story of your
last shopping we are sure it will look
like I went to the grocery store but
everything I needed then I went home and
watch my favorite TV show till midnight
see no excessive details the same simple
situation with a liar will be different
surely he went out of the apartment then
he met his neighbor Jim and they were
talking about exactly five minutes then
he looked at the other side of the road
and saw a sky-blue truck someone wants
to been moving out at the grocery in the
next block he bought two packets of
popcorn and a bag of potatoes on his way
back he stopped his smoke for three
minutes yes he timed it and while
smoking he saw a small funny neighbor's
girl named Gina at home he was cooking
for two hours then he had dinner then he
went to bed and he fell asleep a liar
thinks that details make the story true
to lie which is wrong we do not memorize
or automatic habitual actions there is a
hint for this point if you're not sure
about the person ask him or her to tell
the whole story from the very beginning
if you're talking to a liar he will be
trapped in all of his imaginary
excessive details
try it and share the experience in the
comment section below it will be very
interesting and finally here's the bonus
hint we promised it's as simple as that
people's eyes never lie imagine that all
the hints mentioned above show that the
person is sincere but you're still not
sure this can happen then you have
nothing left except watching the
person's eye reaction scientifically
speaking when we know we're telling lies
we can't help but feel nervous that
leads to faster heart beating and pupil
dilation all you need is to ask the
question you want answered and watch the
interlocutor there's that word again
strictly in the eyes when he answers
you'll see everything you want by the
way not only the pupils can give away
the lies but the inability to watch back
see see my pupils here yeah
I'm not lying uh uh anyway we hope that
this information will be helpful for you
and you will never let anyone trick you
[Music]
share your thoughts in the comments
below the video and hit the like button
don't forget to click subscribe to join
us on the bright side of life
[Music]